Doc/#444 - Taipy CLI documentation (#456)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/relnotes.md

### New Features

<h6 style="font-size: 1.2em"><strong><code>taipy</code></strong></h6>
2.3.0

> - New Taipy command-line interface. Please refer to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New Taipy command-line interface (CLI). Please refer to the
```

  [Taipy command-line interface](./manuals/taipy_cli.md)
  documentation page for more information.
- User can now create a new Taipy application from a template by running `$ taipy create` from the

>   Taipy command-line interface with an optional `--template` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  CLI with an optional `--template` option.
```

<h6 style="font-size: 1.2em"><strong><code>taipy-core</code></strong></h6>
2.3.0

- All scenarios grouped by their cycles can now be retrieved by calling `taipy.get_cycles_scenarios()^`.
- All entities (cycles, scenarios, pipelines, tasks, data nodes, and jobs) expose two new methods: `get_label` and
  `get_simple_label`, that can be used to display the entity.
- `taipy.get_entities_by_config_id()^` can be used to retrieve all entities that are based on
  the provided configuration identifier.
- Commands for managing Taipy application versions can now be accessed via the `$ taipy manage-versions` command. Run `$ taipy manage-versions --help` for more details.

> - A version can now be renamed by running `$ taipy manage-versions --rename <old_version> <new_version>` from a command-line interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A version can now be renamed by running `$ taipy manage-versions --rename <old_version> <new_version>` from the CLI.
```

> - The configuration of a version can now be compared with another one by running `$ taipy manage-versions --compare-config <version_1> <version_2>` from a command-line interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The configuration of a version can now be compared with another one by running `$ taipy manage-versions --compare-config <version_1> <version_2>` from the CLI.
```
